Given n ranges, your task is to count for each range how many other ranges it contains and how many other ranges contain it.
Range [a,b] contains range [c,d] if a <= c and d <= b.

Input:
The first input line has an integer n: the number of ranges.
After this, there are n lines that describe the ranges. Each line has two integers x and y: the range is [x,y].
You may assume that no range appears more than once in the input.

Output:
First print a line that describes for each range (in the input order) how many other ranges it contains.
Then print a line that describes for each range (in the input order) how many other ranges contain it.

Strategy:
We cannot use the strategy from the previous problem since we need the counts to be dynamic and count all the ranges for each one, not just if there is at least one. We can use the policy based data structure again (modified RBT). This has a feature to track the number of elements smaller than something. This way we can just load in the array, sort it like in the last problem, and then traverse it first left to right while putting in the range pairs but reversed so they have first the end and second their index or start value as a tiebreaker. Then we call the method to get the things that are smaller, this count will the number of ranges that are contained inside the current range since they have <= end value and <= start value. The superpower is that we are still traversing them sorted in the normal [left, right] range but the PBDS sorts them for us one more time effectively holding information of non overlapping 2 sorts at once since we check for the ranges that are smaller while putting the numbers in. Consequently, each range that we put in will have a bigger start number because we go from left to right and then will get sorted based on the end number since we are going from left to right, all right ranges with a different end cannot contain the left ranges, since we are sorting by the end bound the count() will give us all the ranges that have a smaller end count. We take PDBS.siz()-count() to get all the ranges which have a bigger end count, since there can't be ranges present with a better start count the current range must be contained in PDBS.size()-count() ranges. For the ranges that contain something we use a similar strategy for right to left. Because of the same principal (start of range decreasing and getting sorted by end of the range) all the ranges that we get by calling the PDBS "count" function (it's actually to get an index) have a >= start (right to left traversal) and < end of the range, therefore if we take count() we get the ranges that have a >= start and < end which are guaranteed to be inside our current range.
Note: The other solution is a fenwick tree which is also O(NlogN) but with a smaller constant. This is much easier though.