There is a street of length x whose positions are numbered 0,1,...,x. Initially there are no traffic lights, but n sets of traffic lights are added to the street one after another.
Your task is to calculate the length of the longest passage without traffic lights after each addition.

Input:
The first input line contains two integers x and n: the length of the street and the number of sets of traffic lights.
Then, the next line contains n integers p_1,p_2,...,p_n: the position of each set of traffic lights. Each position is distinct.

Output:
Print the length of the longest passage without traffic lights after each addition.

Strategy:
Again, this is a matter of localizing the problem since the we don't have to scan the whole array of traffic lights to find the biggest gap. Here it can be done be keeping track of 2 things. The sizes of the gaps and the actual positions of the lights. The positions need to be sorted automatically since we need to able to easily delete and push new ones and still keep order while finding the one to delete in O(logn) and the same for the gap. We need to be able to find a gap in O(logn) and then also delete it and add new ones in the same complexity. This screams RBT. So we use a set for the positions and a multiset for the gap sizes since there can be multiple gaps of the same size. At the start we need to give starting points for the lights so we add the to 0 and x (length of the street) since that's the max length anyway. The we loop through all the additions of the lights and every iteration we take in the new light, identify the positions it is affecting by using upper bound for the right bound and also upper bound but then decremented by 1 for the left bound. Then we take the position of the new addition and calculate the new gaps while also keeping track of right-left. Then we find right-left in the gaps multiset, delete it (only once, we do this by using find to get an iterator and deleting that, if we call erase on the actual number it deletes all of them) and add the sizes of the 2 new gaps (new-left,right-new). At the end of each addition we just output multiset.rbegin() since it is a min heap with extra rules it will always have the biggest value at the end.