This is the easy version of the problem. The difference between the versions is that in this version, the constraint on n is lower. You can hack only if you solved all versions of this problem.
You once had an undirected tree with n nodes. To make the tree look more interesting, you decided to assign an arbitrary direction to each of the n−1 edges.
As time goes by, you forgot the structure of your tree. However, you found a note which recorded after the direction of the edges have been assigned, whether u can reach v
∗ for all ordered pairs of (u,v) which satisfies 1≤u,v≤n.
You want to find out the structure of the tree and the direction of the edges from the information given by the note. Determine if there is possible solution and construct one. If there are multiple solutions, you only need to find one of them.
∗For a directed graph, we say that x can reach y if and only if there exists a sequence of nodes u1,u2,…,uk such that u1=x,uk=y and for all i from 2 to k, the directed edge ui−1→ui exists. In particular, a node can always reach itself.

Input:
Each test contains multiple test cases. The first line contains the number of test cases t (1≤t≤104). The description of the test cases follows.
The first line of each test cases contain an integer n (2≤n≤500) denoting the number of nodes your tree have.
The following n lines contain a string si. si is of length n and consists only of 0 and 1. The j-th character of si is 1 if and only if i can reach j after the edges are directed.It is guaranteed that the sum of n3 over all test cases does not exceed 5003.

Output:
For each testcase, output Yes if a solution exists, otherwise print No. If the answer is Yes, on the following lines output a description of the edges constructed.
Output n−1 lines denoting the directed edges. Each line should contain two integers x and y, denoting that after the edges are directed, the directed edge x→y exists. If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.
You can output the answer in any case (upper or lower). For example, the strings "yEs", "yes", "Yes", and "YES" will be recognized as positive responses.

Strat:
The input gives us the reachability matrix. That tells us which nodes are somehow (either directly or through others) reachable from that node i (on ith row). Therefore we need to isolate the direct connections from the indirect ones. This can be done going through all the possible connections (even indirect since we work with the data from the reachability matrix) which just means a double for loop looping through all the nodes. For each connection we need to check if it is direct or not. We do that by marking it as direct and then we loop through all the nodes again and we try to find a counterexample of it being direct. A connection from a to b can be be proven indirect by finding another node in the connection between a and b. This can be done in the 3rd degree nested loop by checking reachability[start][counterexample]==1 && reachability[counterexample][end]. (we also need to check that counterexample != start or finish) This way if there is a connection from the start node to our current counterexample try and then from the counterexample to the end node. The node must be inbetween and since it is guaranteed to be a tree and in a tree all paths from any node to any other node are unique this disproves the connection start->end to be a direct one. If the connection survives checks for all nodes (therefore there can't be anything in between). We add it to an edge pair vector but also to vectors tracking undirected and directed connections. Both in the format {start,end}, for the undirected one we just add both {start,end} and {end,start}. Because now that we have found the possible edges, we still need to prove that they represent a tree. This has 3 individual checks. One is for the amount of edges since in a tree the number of edges is always the number of nodes - 1. Then, we check if its one full tree. This can be done by running a bfs and counting visited nodes, if we visited more or less nodes we are missing something. Finally, because now we know the edges we have found do create a tree, we need to check if it is the correct tree; if it matches the reachability matrix. We do this by running a bfs for all the nodes. This way, we identify all the nodes that can be visited from each node which can then be checked with the reachability matrix. This is done by looping through all nodes and inside, having a visit array, we then run a bfs (through the edges we identified) on that node and mark all the edges we have visited. We then run a for loop to check the ith node with the ith row in the matrix. If all rows match we output yes and run a basic loop printing the edges vector.
