According to Wikipedia's article: "The Game of Life, also known simply as Life, is a cellular automaton devised by the British mathematician John Horton Conway in 1970."

The board is made up of an m x n grid of cells, where each cell has an initial state: live (represented by a 1) or dead (represented by a 0). Each cell interacts with its eight neighbors (horizontal, vertical, diagonal) using the following four rules (taken from the above Wikipedia article):

Any live cell with fewer than two live neighbors dies as if caused by under-population.
Any live cell with two or three live neighbors lives on to the next generation.
Any live cell with more than three live neighbors dies, as if by over-population.
Any dead cell with exactly three live neighbors becomes a live cell, as if by reproduction.
The next state of the board is determined by applying the above rules simultaneously to every cell in the current state of the m x n grid board. In this process, births and deaths occur simultaneously.

Given the current state of the board, update the board to reflect its next state.

Note that you do not need to return anything.

Strategy: This is classic simulation and state management. I feel like in all these seemingly complex problems, the key is to subdivide them into smaller problems and write helpers for them that do a clear easy thing. Like counting live cells or checking something. This way it is much easier to debug and find edge cases. I have written a manipulate helper, which was that much of a helper since this problem isn't this bad... It checks all the squares around x,y and counts the live ones which are either 1 (for a live cell that either was not checked yet or stayed alive after a check) or 3 for a cell that was alive but will be dead in the next state. After we count we set the state of the current cell. If it was dead/alive and it stays that way we don't do anything. If it changed we set it to 2 if dead->alive and to 3 if alive->dead. This way we can do one sweep and manage it simultaneously. When checking every direction we check for bounds (x>=0, y>=0 etc..). We call this function for all the squares in the grid. Then we do one final swoop where we change all the 2,3 squares to 1 and 0 respectively.